this is a festival that this motion
with the municipality of Lima Nov
Mayor spends 500 representatives
it is a festival
It is directed
to incentivize two things
about the couple
it is a crop
urges food security by generation
and the other most important
is the consumption
the consumption
the reach
live peru
a consumption of one kilo
a year of 540 kilos vitoria to other countries as Chile has four
and mexico 8 we all have proposed to do it the mayor with the news of
lime
we have proposed that in five years we will achieve
I will be five senses
roldós peace you have to produce everything you have to encourage paca can see in these
two days here on the boulevard made cause great
You can see all
multiple applications there
for the use of the lack
it is an acknowledgment to all the actors
the productive chain of the plant
for that reason I think that Peru
now he touches his biggest and longest seat
issues of the goalkeeper and this has to be an acknowledgment
practical
up important reiterating what was said by the danger
we want to show now percent in this fair if it is possible to consume pasta
like for example popeye
tickets
your
the very versatile parts
and also very well and 27
my name is Khan
and Palestinian of useless holy and Palestinian land and ready pressure I wanted to give
thanks to mp leptin
and the Koran and zenith event that the road mind always put on screen
so we can promote
our culture and that of the Peruvian
in this case we are over percent presenting in the Peruvian part
with an added ingredient
tsx and nyse and that he
sesame seed
and I've felt olive
canteli her and we can contribute
livieres
to face the Arab food with the
Peruvian food be more flavors
and it is that in the end it gives an extraordinary result a rich flavor
so we are here happy and happy in Peru and participating in
this avocado event
we are qualifying on the basis of eighths the variety of points among them we are
seeing
creativity cleaning the originality of the product the luso about
all
objective on the screen that predominates above all the other ingredients
the taste the texture that is very important
min rock a palmeiras
do not
1 point in
one
racing club
p together
real
ruby spike
one